Subtitles by DramaFever
[This program is suitable
for viewers ages 15 and up.]
Do you know why I came here?
I ended up finding out.
[Internal Medicine]
She's had indigestion
and gas for a long time now.
How long has she taken this medicine for?
It's been a long time.
She sets an alarm
so she never forgets to take it.
Is it indigestion?
- Father.
- Yeah?
- This...
He said you have cancer.
Let's go home.
Wait, come here for a second.
- Aren't we going home?
- I told you to come here for a second.
[High-quality France Premium Package]
I asked the kids to print it out.
Let's go there.
- What about the restaurant?
- We can take a few days off.
You make it sound like we're
well-off. It's company picnic season.
Do you want to get cursed at
by our regular customers?
Let's go. You said it was
your dream to go to France.
- When?
- You said it while watching a movie.
You said you wouldn't want anything else
if you could go there. What was it?
It was a movie with a princess in it.
"Roman Holiday"?
- Was it Rome?
- Yes.
Rome and France are the same.
Let's go and have fun just the two of us.
Just the two of us? What about the kids?
We don't have money for all of us
to go! Let's go just the two of us.
I really don't want to go,
just the two of us...
Let's go.
I thought you'd be really happy.
Two tickets, yes.
Yes, yes.
This is why I didn't want to go
on a vacation with you.
I really hate you.
[I lived like a fool.]
I didn't mean it like that.
- So So.
- I want to listen to the music.
You can still hear the music, right?
Should I close my eyes?
I'd still be able to hear the music.
- You don't want to see me?
- Yes.
Do I suck because I gave you
a warning without knowing anything?
- Yes.
- Are you disappointed?
Very much.
So So, you still have a long way to go.
You said you followed
a man here and got married.
Don't bring that up.
You can't go home
now that the man is gone.
- San Ma Ru.
- You're ashamed to see your family
so you're getting your PhD
as if you're being punished.
Why do you despise yourself so much?
You said I was right
to fight against my company.
My company is suing me
for 1.4 billion won.
For disturbing their business
and exposing secret information.
What do you think?
Can you still say...
I did the right thing?
You didn't do anything wrong.
That's what I wanted to say.
You did nothing wrong.
It's not wrong for you to be
hung up on your past.
Will you sit down?
The wrong thing to do...
would be to forget about it.
Without any worries.
I... just like this place.
My job isn't bad.
I'm not forcing myself to endure it.
What do you really want to do?
What do you really want to say
besides telling me to go back to Korea?
Come back to Korea.
Are you kidding me?
Come back to Korea and date me.
If you go back to France
after that, I'll come to you.
I can't come here every time.
I mean, I can come, but I won't see
you often, and it'll be expensive.
I'm not saying
it's a waste of money, though.
What is this?
A proposal.
How can a proposal be so logical?
I don't feel anything.
I'm sorry.
You ruined our date.
About my proposal...
There are too many things
we don't know about each other.
- Tomorrow is our last day.
- Then, I'll answer you tomorrow.
What will your answer be?
I'll just follow my heart.
I can't see the stage.
Then look at me instead.
The High-quality France Premium Package.
Are you aware that today is the last day?
Yes!
You don't have to answer me.
After we take pictures
at a special location
we will pass Pont Neuf
and visit Place de la Concorde.
And then we'll go to the Louvre and
Notre-Dame de Paris on this exciting day.
I contemplated long and hard about
where to take our commemorative pictures.
- Are you curious about the reason?
- Yes!
You don't have to answer me.
In most packages, the Eiffel Tower
observatory is included.
But if you go there,
you just think, "Wow, it's high."
It's similar to what you see
when you take off or land on a plane.
But the place
we're going to is very different.
It's not an observatory. But you can
see the most beautiful view of Paris.
Did everyone fight?
Why does everyone look down?
I guess this is a family-like
atmosphere after all.
You know that families
fight the most, right?
We're going to get off, so remember to
take your passports, wallets, and phones!
Yes!
Father, what does this place
remind you of?
Where else? It looks like France.
- Is it a good place to grill meat?
- No way.
This is a classy place.
This is the first Paris observatory.
Take a look around,
and meet back here in 15 minutes.
- Yes.
- Let's take a picture.
- Later.
I'm sorry. Forgive me. Do you
want me to take a picture of you?
That's okay. I don't feel
like taking pictures.
- Don't you know what day it is?
- Excuse me.
I was wondering...
Would you like a picture?
Fom the waist up?
No, you took a good one last time,
so you can take it freely this time.
Then, I'll make you look like
an actress this time.
Hey, I could never be an actress.
- Where should I stand? Here?
- Move back a bit.
Yes, that's good. I'll take it now.
- You're doing that again.
- What?
- Pose in a sexy way.
- Gosh, how could I?
- Like this?
- Great!
Then, pose in a cute way this time.
Gosh, I can't do this!
Then, look out into the distance
in a romantic way.
You're asking for all sorts of things.
Wow! You're so pretty!
Did you know?
I hate the sight of you taking pictures.
Get up already! You're so stubborn!
Just one picture.
Why would you take a funeral photo
if we came here for a passport photo?
- Are we dying on vacation?
- I might as well since I'm here.
If I take it now,
he'll give me a 20 percent discount.
Get up so we can go home!
These days, people don't call them
funeral pictures as if it's unlucky.
If you take it early,
you'll receive more luck...
You're just trying to sell your
service! I want to talk to your boss!
Fine, I won't take it. Stop it.
I won't take it. Let's go.
- How dare you...
- I'm sorry. I'll be back.
- Let go!
- Stop it!
It's because you only think about
dying instead of fighting to live.
I had my reasons.
Don't take her funeral photo!
- Gosh, what is this?
- It turned out well!
Erase this one. Erase it.
You're so pretty when you smile.
You're beautiful, no matter
how much I look at you.
- Come here.
- Don't boss an elder around.
Gosh, I'll take a picture of both of you.
You're a photographer now, huh?
Ready? Smile!
Mister, try to smile.
- Hurry up.
- Ma'am, link arms.
Mister, it'd be
so much better if you smiled!
Big Sis, you don't listen.
You should just take it...
Did you take it while I was talking?
- What the heck?
- You're too much.
It didn't turn out well.
Let me see if it turned out well.
She said it didn't turn out well.
They say you should refuse
the first time around.
I was planning to smile
and hold your hand
after the first few shots.
That dress was a little over 100 euros.
It's cheaper than I thought.
But I don't have a reason
to wear it, so it's a waste for me.
- Is that shop hard to find?
- It's right behind the hotel.
Take the back door, turn left, take
the first alleyway and walk one minute.
It's close. That's a relief.
Another tourist from
the last group bought five of them.
- It was for her friend's wedding.
- Amazing.
There must have been a lot of tension.
You know how it is among friends.
You're right. There's always that
one friend you can't stand.
You have to look prettier
when they get married.
You're right.
Women become friends so easily.
I know, right? Isn't it fascinating?
Look at her excitement.
Your girlfriend is beautiful.
Pardon? Your girlfriend is beautiful too.
Thank you.
- Pardon?
- You were in the search forces, right?
- Yes.
- In the army forces?
- No, in the 505 special forces.
505...
- Below the mountain?
- You know?
Of course! If you head toward Seoul from
there, there's an industrial complex.
- Yes, there is.
- That's where I was.
With 505...
Men become friends so easily.
I know, right? Isn't it fascinating?
Then...
What do you think they're doing?
I'm not even curious.
He's so frustrating.
But your boyfriend is very handsome.
He's not that handsome.
Your boyfriend is much more handsome.
I don't have a boyfriend.
I'll call you if I can't find the shop.
I can't believe I met you here.
This is the Pont Neuf bridge
which was in the movie
"The Lovers on the Bridge."
"Pont" means bridge,
and "Neuf" means new.
So it means "new bridge."
I think "Pont Neuf" is a word that
completes the romance of Paris.
Take a leisurely stroll, have a chat
and talk about why
you came here on vacation.
Yes, Big Brother.
Pardon? Today?
Yes, thank you. Yes, have a good night.
Yes. Yes.
So Ran, the investment decision
will be made today.
I passed the final round.
All that's left is the CEO's approval.
Then it's not decided yet.
It's pretty much decided.
The CEO's approval is just a formality.
Okay, I really hope it works out.
Geez, can't you be happy with me?
I'm happy.
So Ran, I'll do a good job.
I'll do a really good job.
I'll only put business cards that I'll
keep for years in the wallet you gave me.
I'll stick to it.
Okay.
[2,555 days]
[Seven years]
It's been around 27 or 28 years
since we got together.
I wasn't in the best situation,
so you had a hard time.
I know you had a hard time.
You're driving me crazy.
Is this a coffee shop?
Why did you bring coffee machines
into this restaurant?
Americano with chicken?
It looks like we'll be on the news!
A cup of coffee after a meal
would be so nice.
This alone will make us
100 million won a month.
Who told you that?
These coffee machines
cost 8.24 million won each
but we bought 500 of them
to lend to coffee shop establishments.
If you buy three, you'll be a chief.
If you buy six, you'll be the director.
If you buy 9, you'll be
the chief director. If you buy 12...
you'll become the president,
with an official business license.
Who? All of you.
If you invest this much money into this
business, how much will you make a month?
100 million won!
This is how you make money, everyone.
So, how many did you buy?
I'm a director now.
You bought six of them?
We're rich now, too.
At the time,
I thought I developed cancer.
Wow, this is nice.
A raw fish restaurant and a fish
stew restaurant needs to be here.
I'll use the nets,
and you can use the fishing rods.
That'll keep us busy.
Here, we'll open the Seine river
raw fish restaurant.
And over there, we'll open
the Pont Neuf fish stew restaurant.
Fish stew, raw fish, fish stew, raw fish.
That'd be great. We can expand
our business and make a lot of money.
And we can live happily
for a very long time.
Your legs will hurt.
Sit down and get some rest.
Are you a stalker?
We just got here.
Do you remember
the first time we came here?
Nothing memorable happened that day.
Are you taking it off?
Typo! Typo! I mean, really?
It was a typo!
I was just about to block you.
After today's agenda,
spend time with me.
You're becoming more direct over time.
224 years ago, Marie Antoinette
was executed here,
at Place de la Concorde.
They accused her of squandering money
for her extravagant lifestyle
as well as various other reasons,
but it was all a lie.
All of it.
They simply hated her.
As Marie Antoinette died miserably
due to the hatred, she said this.
People are only able to discover
who they are when they're unhappy.
Big Sis Guide is right.
After you got sick, I realized who I was.
I'm a fool.
I can't live on without you.
I went to a cathedral
for the first time in my life.
Father...
And I even went to temples.
I couldn't do anything but pray.
Have you ever prayed for me?
You haven't, have you?
Huh?
What is it?
Over there.
This is weird.
They're not the type to stick together.
I know, right? This is the most
unbelievable sight I've seen in France.
- You startled me!
- You scared me!
Why are you standing there
without saying a word?
- You're too much.
- Why?
I thought you were a ghost!
Big Sis, I heard there's
a baguette sandwich shop here.
Yes, there's a delicious shop here.
How did you know?
How about we take a break
at the park with some sandwiches?
We can go people watching. I'll buy them.
I like that idea. But we still
have a few things left to do.
- Then, should we buy them together?
- Yes.
I hate the sight of her.
Why would she buy bread for someone
who's having a hard time eating?
Stop it. Thanks to her, I regained
my strength so I could lift the pyramid.
I'll take it now. One, two.
Great, who's next?
Ready? One, two.
Again. Again.
I'll take it now. One, two.
Don't be surprised when they
check your belongings at the gate.
You know what you need to
take a picture of, right?
- Mona Lisa.
- That's right.
"Mona" is a title that was
given to married women
and "Lisa" was the model's name.
If you translate it,
it would be "Madam Lisa."
It's a world-famous painting, so try
to take a picture even if it's hard.
- Will someone stop us?
- It's not that
but imagine yourself taking
a picture of Mona Lisa.
You'd strike your best pose.
And elegantly admire the work.
That will be hard to do.
You'll see when you get inside.
Father, you didn't wear
your hiking attire today.
What? Is hiking attire banned?
- It's not that...
- Is there a museum attire?
Comfort is key.
Let's go inside.
I'll wait for you at the exit.
Let nothing...
make you sad.
frighten you.
Hey, Bae Hyung Goo!
Hey, get lost.
Again.
Hey, stay back.
Don't come near me.
Don't come here.
Hey!
I'll hit you!
Hey, call the police!
Don't come near me! Don't...
What's wrong? Are you
threatening me with self-harm?
I came here to thank you.
I came back from seeing my sister.
And she's still pretty, kind, and cool.
I always thought she was
too good for you.
So thanks for leaving her early.
Here, buy some pain relief patches.
I don't want to see you again,
Bae Hyung Goo.
I didn't do anything. He fell on his own.
Hey!
Hey, stop right there.
Did you beat him up?
- No.
- Why not?
- I'd be a repeated offender.
- You have a criminal record already
so you might as well
beat him up one more time.
What? Are you touched by how pretty I am?
I... lived as an upright person
until now because of my sister.
Yeah, it's all thanks to So So.
But from now on,
I'll live as an upright person for you.
I promise.
I'm speechless.
It's something you would have said
on our first night after getting married.
Do you think we'll have time to talk
on our first night after getting married?
Of course not.
That punk was so surprised when
he saw me, that he fell of the stage.
- Really?
- Yeah, I think he injured his back.
What are you doing?
- Why are you startled?
- Why are you here already?
I thought you'd be bored by yourself.
What about the museum?
I saw the Mona Lisa
and came out right away.
You can't tour a museum
so half-heartedly.
- I was afraid you'd be bored.
- Are you going to entertain me?
Yes, give me your phone.
I'll take a picture of you.
[DF Ver] E11 The Package
-= Ruo Xi =-
Why are there so many people?
I mean, it's not like Mona Lisa
is going anywhere.
Why is everyone clustered
together to see it?
Damn it.
- How do I look?
- I'm almost ready. Wait.
I'll take it now. One, two three.
This is hard.
Again. Take it one more time.
One, two, three!
Wow.
Is that it?
This is good for my first shot.
Take it again. Again.
You're picky.
Ready? Move to the left.
Bend a little more!
- One... one...
- Oh no.
Geez, you're cute.
One more time.
You can't take pictures
like that. Erase it.
This is your phone.
Don't erase it, okay?
It's time to assemble!
We're late. I'm going crazy.
Notre-Dame de Paris was destroyed in the
French Revolution of the 18th century.
It was left alone until
the beginning of the 19th century.
But it was so hideous, that the city
thought about tearing it down.
That was when a writer who wanted
to protect the cathedral's tradition
started to write. As a result
he wrote "Notre-Dame de Paris,"
known as "The Hunchback of Notre-Dame."
Victor Hugo's novel brought
a lot of attention to the cathedral.
And the citizens grouped together
to protect the cathedral.
In the end, the cathedral was rebuilt,
and we're here for our last stop.
Now, we'll go to the center of Paris.
Please hold hands and form a circle!
It's a little awkward, though.
Point Zero.
It's also Point Zero in French.
This is the center of Paris.
They say, if you step on Point Zero,
you'll come back to Paris.
Everyone, thank you for coming to Paris.
And I'm thankful that I was your guide,
among countless other guides.
And I hope you cherish
and love the time you spent in Paris.
I hope we meet again.
- Yes!
- Yes.
Yes.
What are you doing?
I can't come back anyway.
Not me.
Step on it.
Stop thinking that you're going to die.
Do you know how mad I was?
I was praying for you to live a long life
but you were getting
ready to die before winter.
You're not going to die.
Not everyone dies from cancer.
You said you'd answer me today.
About my proposal yesterday.
I waited all day for this.
- Aren't you tired?
- No.
Do you have an international license?
I do. I got one just in case.
There's somewhere I want to go,
but I'm too tired to drive.
You're not driving the bus, are you?
I borrowed a car.
Geez, seriously. Hey, you guys!
Where are my car keys?
So So asked for it so I sent it to her.
Why did you send my car to So So?
- Speak Korean.
- She said you allowed it.
These two are driving me nuts.
The brother threatens
and the sister lies.
What's her area code?
02.
02? Isn't that Seoul? Geez, seriously.
Thank you, Boss. I'll use it well.
So So!
He told me to use it well.
Is there somewhere you want to go?
The place where we first met.
The airport?
Don't do anything useless.
Are you done yet?
I'm done. I'm coming out.
Hurry up.
Why did you turn off the lights?
Thanks for dating me.
It's a seventh anniversary room service.
I feel like I'm in France.
Thank you.
I was thankful to you
for the last seven years.
And I'll continue to be thankful.
Me too.
Let's go out and put this on
when we're done.
Was it Pont Neuf? Apparently,
everyone puts these along the bridge.
Look at this.
I'm not sure about this.
I know where it is. I found the address.
Not that.
Is love something
that should be locked up?
What?
I'm not sure if it's right
to lock up love like that.
Of course we should lock it up.
Let's blow out the candle.
I got it!
It's my investor big brother.
Geez, seriously.
Bonjour, Big Brother.
Yes, of course.
I was waiting for your call.
Yes.
Pardon?
Wait.
Wait a minute.
Big Brother, you said
I passed all the rounds.
I was sure this time,
but our CEO rejected it last minute.
Wait, Big Brother, the thing is...
I was just about to propose.
To tell her everything worked out,
and that we can get married now...
That's that.
I'm sure someone else
will tell you when you get back
but do you remember
the 30 million won I lent you?
You invested that money.
I guess there was a misunderstanding.
I lent it to you in the form
of an investment.
Anyway, I need you to pay me back.
I need it.
Are you okay?
Yeah, sorry.
The call lasted awhile.
Can you start eating without me?
I'm fine, so you can come out.
Wait. I need to make another call.
Do you want me to leave?
Do you need some time alone?
I'll go out for a walk.
It's your last day.
Remember to ride the cruise ship.
You know the Seine river cruise
is the best when taken alone, right?
I heard anyone can become
the lead in a movie on that ship.
Are we here?
Is this where we first met?
I said I'm tired.
You're not the boatman.
It's just that... I'm not in a good mood.
I want to rest.
Get on!
People should become
more gentle as they age.
You keep getting more stubborn.
- Are you happy?
- Of course I'm happy.
If we came to France,
we should ride things like this.
I mean, are you happy
that you always win?
I don't win.
You're the one who wins
while pretending to lose.
I wish you'd stop trying to win.
Just enjoy the view.
Wow, we should really set up
a raw fish restaurant here.
I'm going to die soon.
Can't you back down from time to time?
I'm going to die.
I have cancer.
I said I'm dying.
That's nonsense.
You're not dying. Who's dying?
I knew you'd get mad.
How could I not get mad?
Why did you have to go off
and get cancer?
Why?
You should have told me earlier.
But you threw out your clothes
took a funeral photo,
and cried all by yourself.
You don't deserve to do this!
Did you know all along?
Did you take me for a fool?
Did you treat me like that,
even though you knew?
Then, how should I have treated you?
Did you think I'd carry you everywhere?
Yes, I thought you would!
I thought you'd carry me
so I wouldn't get more sick!
Taking care of you with my heart is
enough! I'm not your older brother!
Why would I do that for my wife?
How could you be so shameless?
I said I'm dying.
- Aren't you sad at all?
- Then
should a man walk around sobbing?
Should I go find God and Buddha and pray?
The husband is the sky and the wife
is the earth. I need to fulfill my role.
If I cry every day...
If I cry too... you'll feel
too weakhearted to win this battle.
That's why I'm going to
smile more from now on.
I...
want you to smile one more time.
I don't want you to be sick.
What am I supposed to do?
I learned that men
aren't supposed to cry.
I lived my whole life... like a fool.
What am I supposed to do now?
If you leave me...
what am I supposed to do?
You learned well.
Who taught you such a thing?
Stop it.
Stop it already.
I was wrong.
Honey.
Goodness.
I told you to stop.
Don't be sick.
Okay.
I won't be sick.
That's right!
That's right. Don't be sick.
Honey, don't be sick.
Let's live happily,
for a long, long time.
I want to see
your healthy face every day.
I wish that only happy days remain.
It's right here.
This is where we first met.
We were here on the third day.
I was told that I was fated
to meet my true love here.
They said he'd take me
to an angel's feet.
I thought it was nonsense.
But... I met that person.
Who was it?
You.
Am I... your fated love?
I think so.
You don't believe in fate, though.
I'm going to believe in it now.
Then...
We might have been two people
who had to meet.
That's why...
we'll be able to meet again,
even if we break up.
Are we breaking up?
I felt like I was
your girlfriend all day long.
I was so happy that I wanted to
go back to Korea with you.
I didn't know it felt so good
to feel the power of fate.
But... there is something
that is more important than fate.
Me.
I still need to love myself more.
If I can't love myself,
I'm going to try to fill that void
with someone else's love.
"Pay more attention to me.
Love me a little more."
I'll end up hiding behind love...
without being able to do anything.
So So, do you remember when I
told you that you're a cool woman?
But you're acting foolish.
What are you so scared of?
Being in love.
I'm afraid this love will hurt too.
That's not true. It won't.
I'll call you often, and visit you
in France when I can.
Don't call me.
It'll start with a call every day
but then it'll be once a week,
once a month.
I don't want it to fade out...
like that.
Then... are we breaking up now?
If we... happen to really meet,
as if it were fate
then... then...
I won't be scared anymore.
Please say something.
Don't erase my pictures.
Okay, then.
Subtitles by DramaFever
Fine! I won't get married! I won't
make you suffer so I can be happy!
I'm sorry. I don't think
we can get married.
- I just want to love you.
- My daughter...
Forever, without needing a reason.
We'll meet again anyway.
You said that's our fate.
I'll miss you! I'll see you again!
Have a safe trip.